We can talk about real stuff anytime you want.
This is real stuff.
This is real.
This is the Typecraft's Fears Hour.
Adam's not very well traveled.
He's never left Missouri.
Never left Missouri.
That's not true.
Who was in the city then?
Who did I see?
He's never seen the ocean.
I've actually been to Connecticut.
Oh, really?
Well, I drove through New Haven, New London, just on the coast.
We drove from Boston to New York once.
So. Oh, nice.
Yeah, nice.
I came and pictured you on the East Coast.
That's so weird.
You literally hung out with me multiple times on the East Coast.
No, I know, but like driving from Boston to whatever, that's like a very
New England situation.
Yeah, I didn't drive my parents drove.
So when I was in high school, my senior year high school, me and my
brother had this favorite band called Dispatch.
Nice.
They were like really, really big in the natural era.
Yeah, that's just digging it.
OK, so we went to the last dispatch, which was in Boston.
My parents drove us from the Ozarks to Boston.
We drove.
It was a lot.
Yeah.
Is that cheaper than flying?
I don't know.
My parents just don't fly that we never flew.
Growing up.
I don't know.
There was a pilot now.
Yeah.
Damn.
That's awesome.
That's rebellion right there.
Exactly.
I don't mind driving my problem.
And this is going to sound really crazy is I cannot drive over large bridges.
Oh, interesting.
I have a sincere fear of heights on bridges, specifically when driving.
If I'm the passenger, it's lovely.
I look out.
It's just a nice, like, experience, but driving something about it.
That call, like, to the void of, like, you're going to steer this way and go
straight off the bridge.
I don't know what that is.
I can't can't do it.
I totally relate.
At some point, probably right when I was like becoming an adult, I had the same
thing, which is with heights in general, where I was just having to go near
something high, my brain would just be like, hey, how far can you lean over
without falling over?
And that just freaked me out.
Yeah, and it's at the point now where, like, most heights are okay.
But then one of my friends, there's a lot of buildings in Miami that are crazy
tall and everyone has a balcony.
And when I like go out there, I feel like the ground is not stable.
Like it's, it's like really impacting me where I feel like any moment, I'm just
going to, like, lose my balance and go over the edge.
So I can, I can relate to that.
It's funny.
It's like, it's not just a mental, like issue.
It's also like physical, you know, like, you physically cannot do the thing
or you feel like you're going to fall over a passout or whatever.
Like I went to a wedding in Ireland, which was, I mean, beautiful country.
I did not know how mountainous the west of Ireland is.
It's very like mountainous and their wedding was on top of what you would
probably consider like just a large like hill, like not really even a mountain
so much, but like the way everything was set up and driving up it, I couldn't go
to the actual ceremony because I got too, too much anxiety.
I had to like stop and like sort of hang on the parking lot and then meet
everyone else at the hotel at the bottom of the, of the mountain.
So it's like, it's like extreme.
It gets better.
Yeah.
I, it's like, I said, it's like a physical thing.
Like I physically think I'm going to pass out and like, I don't know what it is.
Like it's just, it's just crazy fears.
Like I can't stop my mind from saying like you're driving this car, like at
this crazy incline.
And at some point you're going to, I don't know, hit a rock and the whole
car just falls right off the mountain.
Right.
Like that's, that's what happens in my mind.
I don't know how to, I don't know how to turn that off.
It's all right.
No, it is a really physical thing.
It happened as an adult.
I did not have this fear until I was like 25.
Yeah.
Oh, really?
That's when your frontal lobe develops and you're no longer in it.
It's true.
Yeah.
Maybe that's it.
That could be it.
No, I'm afraid of heights.
There's like normal afraid of heights.
And I try, I can't remember the last time I was in a situation where I had to be
afraid because I just avoid tall things, I guess.
I don't leave the answer.
Yes.
That's the key.
You are a tall thing.
OK, both of you, I think.
Yeah, I'm surprisingly tall.
You do surprisingly.
Surprising.
I don't know.
I feel like anytime I meet someone around my height, it's surprising.
So yeah, yeah, I love your backdrop.
I love all of your content.
I love the things you make.
I don't say that to be.
Oh, thank you.
No, sure.
Yeah, I don't like the word content.
It just, yeah, your stuff just started popping up on my stuff.
Like just the internet throw stuff at me and then it's just started
throwing your stuff at me more recently and I watch a bunch of your like terminal
related stuff, like some of the new stuff, some of the, I think, T muck stuff.
I can't remember exactly.
But yeah, great background.
I had vibes.
I stole it from Aaron Francis.
I didn't think the pain.
I didn't steal from him.
I so the thing I've been telling myself to make me feel better is that I did have
pegboard.
I think before he did his office thing, but my, I had like a different angle,
like from here, I didn't have as much stuff.
And then when I saw his setup, I was like, Oh my God, I'm so close to that.
I just got more over here.
And then I'm good.
And so that was, that was kind of the evolution of it.
But yeah, I think I'm happy with it.
Have you guys seen that dream studio company?
No, yeah, Kevin.
Yeah, I think maybe.
So I can't see Dodgers posted about it, but so they originally made a course on
like how to make a nice studio and like they cover every part of it, lighting,
background, camera stuff.
But now you can just hire them.
And they come to your place and they like do it all for you.
They think to design your thing with like this lens of it's called dream studio.
And that's pretty cool.
It's crazy to me that because we've been talking about this SST, how like
just making stuff has gotten so much easier in a lot of ways that if you're
someone with any amount of expertise, you can just like, you can just also do
this thing where you're like making content for people.
To the point where there's now is an entire company that just helps people
set up studios and that's like it seems like a thriving business.
That's super cool.
Yeah, no, this is all trial and error.
And it's funny, like even when you have a good setup and I'm sure you guys have
probably experienced this, it's like you have a good setup, but like it just
doesn't look right and then you have like a nice camera, but you don't know how to
make the settings look just right.
And like, you know, this microphone like didn't sound great at first.
You have to get like a cloud lifter type thing.
Cause it says this microphone was the worst thing ever.
It's like it's so it's actually horrible by default.
And then you have to like get a cloud lifter and then you have to process the
shit out of it.
And then it sounds pretty good.
But wow, I did not expect that when I started.
Yeah, it's it is it's everything is shittier than you assume it is because
like I'm coming from the outside.
You look at these people with like these really nice setup and you're like, wow,
that looks awesome.
And you're like, all I have to do is get this, this and this.
And like I should like have the same thing.
And then you get them and you're like, Oh, no, it's actually like a many hours
of trial and error and setting it up.
And like what are the settings?
It's crazy.
Like just buying like a lav mic.
I have a lav mic for a couple of videos we did.
Just those settings took me hours.
Cause like I set it up.
I download some software.
I'm like, I get it all set up.
And then, and then you hook it up to the camera and it comes out.
And the sound just like, and so you have to look at that and like, what the
hell is this? And so it turns out cameras also have their own sort
of gain that they put on things.
So you have to turn down the cameras game so that the lav mic is coming
through more pure and it's like, it's just insane.
Like this, all of this is so difficult.
I love making videos.
I hate the setup of it.
Yeah.
The expectation is just risen and risen, right?
Like I think YouTube, every, every like video is high quality now.
So if you don't have all these things, it just kind of like stands out in a bad way.
It used to be like, I remember when the zoom era, like COVID and the pandemic,
everybody got a camera and it was like, Oh, you should have a better zoom appearance.
But now it's just gone to like crazy degrees.
Yeah, you've got set design behind you.
I mean, it's just like, where does it end?
Yeah.
I miss the days where all the content on YouTube was like from like an angle down
here.
Yeah.
Backbook.
Just looking up the nose, I wish I could be one of those people.
I wish I could be one of the people that just like, it's about the content.
And I'm just going to look terrible and it's going to be like grainy and awful audio.
But like people are going to love it because I'm awesome, but I can't.
I just go like, I'm not awesome.
I have a good camera.
Turns out I'm pretty boring.
I go for it.
Yeah.
No, it's funny.
Yeah, that's, I think that's a lot I had to overcome too.
It's like, I have to make stuff look good because I don't think I'm, I think I'm
all that other than that, you know, people like, you know,
prime, obviously, like so, so, so entertaining that like he doesn't, you don't even have
to see him and he's just entertained by what he's saying.
Cause he's so fun and funny.
And like, I feel like I'm a very calm, like muted kind of personality.
So I have to have like this stuff to like actually stand out.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
You got to play your friends.
I did learn a new word recently that I'm sorry, Adam, but you're the first
person I thought of when I heard this word.
Oh, man.
You might have seen this post was a post on Twitter that was like, we need a name
for someone that is new to a hobby and buys all the best equipment by the way.
That's what we're buying being like, Oh, this already exists.
It's called a by hard.
And I was like, oh, my God, that's literally Adam.
Adam's a by hard.
Oh hell.
Yeah, I love that.
It's fun.
I get into stuff, you know, anything I take on, it's like you just get into it and you
want to, you want to look the part, you want to own all the stuff and then go from there.
But it is like that feeling like Typecraft said you buy a thing and you think, like,
this is easy.
I bought the thing.
And that's like, Oh, no, I have to actually learn how to use the thing.
Yeah, that part sucks.
Yeah.
That's the hardest.
It's like it doesn't just come out of the box looking good.
It actually was worse than the easier choice.
Yeah, exactly.
Also, I don't know if you guys can tell.
So I mess with my camera, assuming like this stuff, my camera color setting,
like my white balance setting, like a long time ago, maybe like six months ago,
and it's never felt like fixing it throughout this call.
I will go from being looking very orange to looking completely pale.
It's just constantly shifting.
Like right now I'm like going towards the orange side.
I then it'll just randomly start to like make me pale again.
So like you have like other light coming in that's unpredictable or is it?
I don't know what it is at all.
Cause it's like I'm in a dark room with the window closed.
So I have no idea.
I wouldn't worry about that.
I'm going to go from kind of red to very red because I'm in a small home
office and like I can't stop the heat coming out from here.
So like it's just going to get warmer and warmer and the camera might shut off.
You know, we'll see.
Yeah, that does remind me for sure.
That does remind me.
Oh, looks like I'm really orange now.
I have a fan for the camera.
Let me just install it real quick.
Oh, just going off.
Yeah, it's a cool.
Yeah.
Yep.
Oh, please, please.
Oh, these are real problems for the point one percent of the camera.
That is so crazy.
I have an a seven for the overheats when I have to have to do things.
I have not shut off my camera in like a year.
Just leave it on all the time.
Yeah, really.
This is the other thing too.
And it's funny.
Like this whole discussion we're having like just kind of falls right into line
with this too is like you get a nice camera.
It's a DSLR.
We have the Sony a 6700 is really nice.
But you set it up and you're like, oh, let me do a stream.
Oh, wow.
Look how good I look.
Let's go on like Twitch for a little while.
And then your camera just shuts off in a half an hour and you're like, oh, my God.
It just cannot handle like the heat it generates when it's like live like, you know, just the
signals going right to the computer capture card and the camera is just not built for
that.
So again, yeah, there's just a million combinations of equipment and settings and you realize
on Linux.
So I'm like playing on hard mode.
Yeah.
Are you on Linux now?
I've been on Linux forever.
Oh, hell yeah.
I didn't know that.
I've actually had a massive joke because I say everything I say that I've been doing
has been for 10 years because I basically wasn't doing any 10 years before that I was
like a child before that.
Not really.
That's awesome.
I always assumed since you are a JavaScript JavaScript guy that you're a bad guy.
I don't know why I just like that's a strong correlation with me.
Yeah.
Yeah, it makes sense.
It's funny because I'm actually for the first time using more Mac stuff like I got a MacBook
as my laptop.
And I just haven't used a laptop in a long time and I finally like added that to my workflow.
But I just ask the station to my Linux server and do everything there.
Oh, yeah.
I love that.
The hardware, which I think is great.
Also in this set, I've taught us a bunch of I'm gonna say it again because all my development
is remote.
The MacBook, which already has crazy good battery life, gets like insane battery life
because literally doing nothing like I can use it for like two days without having to
charge it.
It's like it's really wild.
So I'm really happy about that.
But yeah, everything I do is still my next.
And it's funny.
Like I am a JavaScript person, but all I do is write go because a lot of the tooling is
written and go.
I'm actually right that much.
That was good.
Oh, very cool.
I like I love the idea of having a MacBook where you just you develop elsewhere.
I got obsessed with this whole concept of like a thin client for years like years ago.
I made like before I ever did any videos, made a whole blog post on and stuff.
And I had this set up.
Does anyone remember the Google Pixel Slate, the tablet they came up with?
I do remember that.
Yeah.
So it was just powerful enough that you could have like it still ran the full oh my God,
what the Chrome OS, you know, and had just enough on it where you could open a terminal
and SSH to a client.
I had a digital ocean droplet somewhere that would SSH into.
And that was actually like my work computer for like a couple of years.
I went a little bit crazy with it, but but no, I love I love the concept of like the thin
clients.
It's I think that's really cool.
So you said you have a video because I was just producing your YouTube before we got
on here.
I don't do research for the show, but I just I like you and I was like, I want to see
type press page.
I like you guys too.
Yeah.
I saw a video you did one on this idea of what Dax does of like remotely, like should
I remotely SSH into my machine or whatever, basically this concept.
I need both of you.
I didn't watch a video because I didn't have time.
And Dax, I've probably heard you say it, but I forgot.
Could you sell me?
Why should I not just do this on my local machine?
Like I just run Tmux on my Mac and that's like when I shut down my Mac, it's all gone
and I started back up.
Is that the main benefit?
I could just keep it up all the time.
That's one.
Yeah.
Like I literally my sessions are always up when I switch from my desktop to my Macbook.
It's just it's like it's literally on the same file, the cursor in the exact same position
I was just in.
My computer reboots, whatever, like it's I don't have to rebuild anything.
I also have like have Tmux saving all that anyway.
So if I do need to bring it back up, it's it's it's it comes back to this similar spot.
But for me, my whole issue was just this I've always built my own computers, me too, with
this like for again, forever my logic was I'm going to build this computer because I can
upgrade the parts one by one.
Sorry.
I can just get the CPU later.
I've never done that because by the time I wanted to see you, oh, the socket.
Yeah.
The socket change.
I'm going to get it.
If I'm going to get a new motherboard, I might as well get the new RAM for it.
So I effectively just never did that.
And what's worse is I'm horrible at like selling stuff.
So I'm like, I don't even I'm just not going to efficiently get rid of this.
So I just got tired of the hardware upgrades and it's funny because unfortunately JavaScript
tooling is extremely slow.
So as completely bottlenecked by a single core performance and I work on some like really
like heavy typed code bases where their libraries are using them, it's fine, but you're working
on library itself, like things can get pretty slow.
So for me, like having the fastest single core CPU, like makes a difference.
And when I if I can rent that every year, somebody else deals with the hardware upgrade.
They like, you know, buy the new stuff put together, they know how to recycle the old
stuff or like find a way to like, you know, lower the price and sell to someone else to
an efficient thing.
You know, and I just pay like a fixed monthly price for that forever.
And right now I'm using this like crazy server from reliable site.
It's like the like the highest rise in AMD CPU right now called reliable site or a reliable
site.
No, it's called a Bible.
So that's definitely fair about this because they give us to me for free so I can talk about
them.
I just say it very clearly, like the site dot coms, reliable site, the name is just funny
to me.
Yeah, like, like now I think they're unreliable.
I don't know.
I'm sorry.
I don't want to say it.
Trust me.
Believe me.
Guys, totally reliable.
Don't worry about it.
Yeah.
We're good.
No, those are all good things.
And I agree.
And that's that was my that was my draw to that whole thing as well.
The other thing for me was you can have whatever computer you want to be the thing that you
use to connect to your actual like computation in the cloud or whatever.
Right.
So for me, that was like the experiment.
I was like, can I just use like this, this shitty tablet that Google released that then
they dropped like two years later, it's so stupid, but they cancel products so often.
It's crazy.
But yeah, like that's, that's the other cool things.
Like, if I break this, you know, I have a Mac mini actually, no, this is a great example.
I have a Lenovo PC that we bought to make videos and to stream.
I'm not using it right now because it broke.
It just broke.
I don't know what it is.
Maybe like the memory broke, maybe motherboard.
Now, I guess it's a different use case, but the idea is with like thin client, like, you
don't care if your stuff breaks because it was just the $200 piece of crap hardware, you
just get another one.
It's not a big deal.
You know, and then I guess I do spend a lot of time keeping my Mac studio at my desktop
computer and my Mac book in sync, like I had to push my dot file changes and do all this
stuff.
And if I had it all on one central location, that makes sense.
According to Twitter, Nick's will fix that for you.
Nick's, Nick's will fix that.
It will.
You get it.
You set it up.
You learn it.
And then one month later, you forget how it works entirely.
And you can never update anything again until you spend another relearning.
Yeah.
That's true.
This is basically my name.
You have other people use it so you can like, you know, yeah, that's true.
Get some help.
Yeah.
No, next is, next is wild.
It's so good.
It's such a good idea packaged in like the worst product decisions ever.
And so tragic to me because it could be great and it could be something that every single
developer uses.
But I see the potential too.
I totally see it.
And it's just like, yeah, having like this declarative way to say like, I want all this
stuff on my machine.
And then so you can just move that to another machine and then just installs everything that
needs.
And it's all like the same exact set up like that makes so much sense about like flakes.
RA RA unstable, you know, like not a, not a, not a, um, oh, sort of, it's not like a one
dot or lease.
Like it's still a beta thing.
And that's the whole entire ecosystem of Nix relies on an unstable like piece of the
software.
And so it's just in like the documentations all over the place.
You read up on one piece of documentation, but it's like actually, you know, six months
old.
So it's like a whole different syntax now and like it's, it's, it's just all over the
place.
It's hard.
You guys talking bad about Nix, they gave me Nix for free.
If I talk about them, I just, I just appreciate on your sponsor.
And by the way, they're totally reliable, reliable.
Yeah.
That's funny.
So Adam, you should, you should consider just, uh, I mean, you want to try it out.
Just make your Mac studio the, uh, the server and try to say change from your, yeah, I guess
that's the thing I should make because I just put a Mac mini in my server rack.
Do you guys, do you do a home lab?
I know Dax says, typecraft, you know, I don't.
Okay.
So I have, that was when I was a lot younger, but I haven't done that in a long time.
Me and Dax have recently, I don't know how recently you did that.
I've been on and off.
Like I originally started with the rack of servers and my parents basement.
That's my bad.
That's a 10 years ago.
I gave me.
Yeah.
So what do you, what do you use the home lab for?
What's the, uh, what do you test?
He can't say, he can't say publicly because it's illegal, but you can infer, that sounds
awful.
Okay, I'm just dealing some Wi-Fi passwords, don't worry about it.
Uh, no, I use a brother stuff.
I used to use, uh, I can't remember anything else.
There's definitely some other stuff, I hope, I had a pie hole.
Yeah.
Oh, you guys got me all thrown off.
No, no, no.
You're serving up media.
You're just serving up media.
That's awesome.
It's not legal.
Yeah.
So serve up some media.
How big deal?
Yeah.
Because I had an old one.
I'm using a Mac studio now.
Did you get the new one?
No, no, no, no.
This is my, like the machine.
It's even one.
Yeah.
So it's nearly, not nearly as powerful as my current desktop, but I'd have to switch
them.
If I do this server setup, I'd want to put my powerful one in the server rack and use
my dumb one out here, right?
You don't have to physically move anything around at all.
Cause like, why do you have to physically move your studio into the server?
As it would be a server computer.
It doesn't have to be in the server rack.
I'm sure you start a bunch of stuff to plug into it, like all your mics and cameras and
stuff.
So I don't know if you can really switch it.
Well, then what would change?
I'm so confused.
What I actually be using.
Listen, I have to use it.
I have to use it.
Yeah.
I don't know what to tell you.
It's still a server.
If it's not a server rack, Adam, just as a stage into your Mac studio from your Mac book.
Oh, that's.
I don't know how often use your Mac book either, but I do sometimes last night I sat
in the bath with my Mac book.
Is that weird?
Do you guys ever do that?
I think I think taking a bath is weird as in general.
The Mac book is kind of a different thing.
I think that works fine.
I take baths.
I mean, only like for enjoyment.
I don't take them to clean myself.
Right.
Okay.
That makes sense.
Yeah.
I take a shower every night.
I take a shower right after I take a bath.
Oh cool.
Get all sweaty and gross on a bath.
You turn it up real hot.
Anyway.
Yeah.
I use my Mac book some, but I use it a lot more.
I use it a lot more.
Okay.
Let's play in the battery.
I think this comes together.
Nice guy.
I just don't want to use Mac OS.
That was another reason why I.
You lost on my last part.
I love Mac OS.
But everything else I'm spot on.
Mac hardware.
Great.
It's excellent.
Mac OS is a lot easier to use than Windows.
It is a lot easier to use than Windows.
Analytics.
Windows is full of ads now.
I feel like because I do a boot.
I go into Windows when I play games and stuff.
Again, I don't even do that anymore because I now remote for that as well.
It's just full of ads.
You open anything and just an ad for something everywhere.
When did this happen to Windows?
Why is it just always trying to get me to buy some random thing?
It's horrible.
It feels really weird.
Windows is terrible.
I use a PC for a little while for the streaming and stuff now I'm on the Mac studio.
But yeah, no.
When I had the PC up and running, I was using it.
I had the same problems, all ads and stuff.
Somebody put it really well on Twitter.
It was the most perfect definition of what happens with Windows.
Every couple of days or so, if you restart it, it'll act like it's the first time it booted
up.
I still install all these updates and tell you all about the new stuff.
I know what the fuck I'm doing here.
I just open OBS.
Let's go.
It's so true.
Windows is just so odd.
It's like, do you want to use Bing?
Are you sure you definitely don't need Chrome?
You can use Internet Explorer or Edge for sure.
Then they're selling you their cloud drive thing.
It definitely installed a -- this sounds like such a boomer thing to happen to me.
But it definitely installed on Chrome something that made -- because I just search -- I just
go into the what the --
The URL bar.
Yeah.
And I just type for searching, right?
And it always defaults to Google or whatever I'm using -- not Bing.
We'll see the other one.
Dr. Go.
Yeah.
And something happened where Chrome was all of a sudden using Yahoo for search.
I was like, what happened?
I threw that on Twitter, too, and people were making fun of me.
But then somebody was like, it's probably McAfee.
And sure enough, like, the Mac -- I had McAfee on it because they installed it on Windows.
Like, McAfee will default your search to Yahoo from whatever.
It's hilarious.
That is one of the funniest things I've ever heard in my life.
It's insane.
I was like, I know.
I solved this problem for my parents when I was like 12.
Like, I know this isn't -- I didn't do this, you know?
Yeah.
That was the main thing that viruses would do.
They would just add it to a bar and change your search engine, basically.
Yeah.
It's funny.
I feel like the whole ecosystem is just full of, like, extremely convoluted and, like, cursed
business models where it's like, okay, we're going to build anti-virus software.
But we're not actually going to make any money off the anti-virus software.
It's just going to change the people's search engine and Yahoo is going to pay us.
It's just, like, these crazy systems that are just, yeah, just, I don't know.
Full of grifters.
Yeah.
It's just a total mess.
But I mean, I still -- I mean, all my development start out in Windows, Visual Studio, Not Code,
the OG, of course, a big, heavy, heavy, big boy.
Okay.
Downloaded through MSDN, your MSDN subscription that I did by it ever.
My dad had, like, the binder full of MSDN.
Oh, yeah.
If you buy, like, the enterprise thing, they give you all the CDs with all the things.
Oh, that's so cool.
It was, like, every piece of software they've ever made.
You get if the, like, top tier, that was so cool.
And I never used any of it, but it was so cool.
It was always, like, here, here's a copy of, like, Windows and Windows, like, Enterprise
and Windows Enterprise.
It's just, like, what are the differences between these things?
And it was all physical media, so it was, like, a version behind, and you couldn't really
update it.
Yeah.
Imagine if we had to ship, like, software today on, like, a CD-ROM.
Like, you burned it to a CD, like --
That's tough.
Imagine the timelines and, like, the stress that we're like --
Yeah.
It's crazy.
It's video games.
We're like that for -- until recently, probably.
By the last ones to shift over.
Until Steam.
Yeah.
You got to actually not ship bugs.
The web is pretty great.
We can ship all kinds of bugs.
It's an amazing platform.
So many bugs.
Yeah.
Somebody --
Fix the bug out there for the next day.
Just fix the bug today.
Just changing your search to Yahoo.
That's just part of the process.
You ship it, and then the only way to know there's a bug is when I use a report.
That's how the --
Yeah.
Let's just break things, bro.
What is your -- what is your setup right now?
Like, what is your development setup?
I was going to ask the thing.
I want to know, like -- because I see all -- you've got videos covering all the different tools
that I wish I used, like, and -- and Zelda J and all these things.
Yeah.
What do you use personally?
Like, your code editor, your text editor.
So --
This is the laptop.
It's a framework, like --
Nice.
The 13-inch one.
13.
Super nice.
These are lovely.
I love these.
This is a sponsored episode.
Yeah.
Nice.
Welcome to the framework.
It's hilarious.
Here's the thing.
You can use framework with Nix, Adam, and then, as it says, to a reliable server on Reliable
Site.
Yeah.
There you go.
Now, I used that.
I was using Arch for a long time, and I still miss some of it.
But when I did a partial upgrade, which just somehow seems to happen, and I broke my machine,
I was like, "You know what, let me just go back to basics."
So, right now, I'm running Ubuntu with --
Wait, my question is, how often do you do the upgrades?
Because I have had a calendar item in my calendar forever now, like, again, over 10 years as
Adam likes to point out.
It's funny because we've been doing this for at least two years, so now it's like 12
years, really.
Oh, man.
That says Arch Update Fridays.
Every Friday.
Update my arch.
I like that.
So, you run Arch?
Yeah.
So, maybe I'm just like a bad arch user, but for me, I was like, "Oh, you know, there's
this new thing in GNOME 47."
I was like, "Oh, let me just like update that, and I'll try it."
And I just updated --
I see.
I just updated GNOME.
And I was like, "All right, cool.
That's interesting."
So, like, whatever.
Sometime later, I turned off the computer.
I turned it back on.
Just got a blank screen of like, "You fucked up, you need to fuck it up, you need to fuck
up."
So, that was the second time doing it, I did it once live on stream, which led to me making
a video, which was like, interesting content, on using BTRFS file system, or as I like to
call it, "Butterfs," because it has like, good snapshotting ability, you know?
And so, I did all that stuff, and it all amounted to nothing, because like, it still broke my
computer.
So, then I just kind of -- I was like, "Yeah, I'm just going to install Ubuntu and just
move on in my life."
Actually, no.
Here's what happened.
I broke my computer, and I was like, "You know what?
I've been thinking about Nix, and there's a lot of people that say Nix will solve all
my problems, you know?
And my kids will finally like me."
And so, I was like, "All right, let me look into Nix."
And then so, I thought, you know, I give myself like, "Oh, six hours or so, just the
day.
Let me play around with it."
And I got nowhere.
And I got so frustrated that I installed Ubuntu, and that's just where I'm at now.
But it's always -- I have like an existential crisis every six months, so I'm going to change
that for sure.
Yeah.
I don't know what yet, but I like Arch.
I miss the AUR.
That's the thing I miss the most.
I was just going to say, for me, the main reason I like Linux is package management.
It's great.
I love it.
And then Arch has like -- It's the first class citizen.
Yeah.
Everything you could -- like any random thing I need to install, it's just in there for
some reason.
I don't know why.
Some guy maintains a package for it.
It's awesome.
It's such a great setup.
That's the main reason I use Arch.
Probably the only reason.
Yeah.
So, Ubuntu, what do you use for, like, geez, T-Mux or Zella J or --
Oh, yeah.
So, yeah.
Typically, it's NeoVim and T-Mux.
That's the whole start.
No, no.
Let's go start from this.
Ghosty.
Let's go.
Love ghosty.
So cool.
Mitchell's making a hell of a terminal emulator.
It's really good.
Yeah.
Max, you need to get in the beta.
You really do.
I just -- I just implemented my own terminal emulator again this weekend.
It's extremely slow.
Wait, you're building your own?
For the second time.
Wait, what?
Because the SST multiplexer is a terminal emulator.
I'll use SST.
Oh, right, right, right.
Yes.
I do happen to use it.
No, no, sorry, no, sorry, I got confused.
We said terminals, and there's one called ST that is the Sockless terminal.
And yes.
Yeah.
And so I -- yeah.
So I got confused.
SST, right.
Yeah.
So we have the need to show multiple commands in a single process.
So we have to implement our own emulator so we can show it.
And I'm doing a V2 of it right now.
So yeah, it's very slow.
It was good enough for us, but like I opened up NeoVin in it and it was like, I could feel
the lag when I was hitting the keys.
I'm like, I don't think I was going to open NeoVin here, but good to know.
What goes into that?
How do you start?
Yeah.
It's just -- I mean, I know how much you've looked into this stuff, but like, there's
just a set of codes that terminals understand.
Codes like move the cursor to this position, change the color to this color, print this
character.
And you just have to like parse streams of that and then maintain, effectively, a buffer,
probably a memory usually of like a grid of cells, which is like the terminal.
And based on the command that comes in, you like do something to this grid in memory and
you flush that out to the screen whenever -- whatever logic you want to use for that.
So it's just an effort in really studying all of the codes and like implementing them all
exactly correctly, and then there's just a lot of them, and some of them are like -- there's
like the core sets that is like kind of universal, then goes to implements a lot of the newer
cooler things like supporting images and stuff like that.
And there's just been like iterations over the years from supporting like, from 256 color
to like the full RGB -- sorry, RGB gamut, so yeah, just interpreting these ANSI codes.
It's actually very -- in terms of the actual like loop, it's very simple.
It's just interpreting the thing, moving the cursor, doing the thing.
It's just there's a lot of these codes and some of them are like a little weird.
But it's actually a perfect thing to use LMs for it because you just ask them like, hey,
what does this code do?
And like, you know, it's kind of obscure information, but it is out there and it kind of nicely
summarize it for you.
Not really interesting.
But you're building -- I'm still so confused.
You're building an emulator like that you run instead of running like the terminal app
on your Mac.
So the user doesn't have to install one themselves, right?
Yes.
That's the issue.
It was a -- it's like if everyone was using Teamux, then we would just open all the processes
as Teamux, Windows, whatever, and then you can just look through them.
But majority of people don't, and we still need to give them the ability to look through
it.
So it's kind of like having Teamux built into RCLI, like a studio Teamux.
God.
Okay.
I'll show you your Teamux.
Shit, Mux.
What -- so what's Zella J?
I keep saying it because I want somebody to tell me what it is.
Zella J is a -- it's a terminal multiplexer, very similar to Teamux, but it's just way
easier to actually like teach it and understand it.
Oh, it's Zella J.
Zella J.
Yeah.
I can tell it J.
And the video I made for it, I went to some -- you know, the -- how do you pronounce this
like YouTube videos or whatever, and the thing was wrong.
It said Zaliga.
And I was like, "Huh, there's no one Zaliga today."
That's actually really good prank.
You just produce a bunch of those videos and just always say it the wrong way.
Yeah.
Actually, because that's just --
That was really good.
That's so funny.
But no, I think -- yeah, I think it's a -- someone could correct me if I'm wrong.
I think it's an Arabic word for like tile or something, or like mosaic, like -- so you
can place tiles.
But it's a -- it's like a terminal multiplexer just like Teamux.
And it's just -- it just has really good same like defaults and the key combination sort
of makes sense.
And you actually have, if you open up Zellage on your computer -- I don't have it on this
one otherwise, maybe I would -- but you have like a bar that shows you like push this button
and then you push that one and it goes into like pain mode.
So you do control-p goes into pain mode, and then a new bar shows up and it says N would
give you a new pain.
And then so like it's just a really good like almost modal --
Watch it through it.
Yeah.
It's a pretty straightforward thing.
It has -- it's like more modern than Teamux, so it has a lot of the quality of life improvements
that you'd want from Teamux, like automatic, like session resurrection, you know, it's
not like a pipeline or something.
It's just something you could type a key command and it'll open up a little like buffer window
or, yeah, like a floating window that has the list of your last sessions, you could resurrect
them from there.
You know what I mean?
So it's got a lot of good quality of life improvements, but yeah, no, it's a -- it's
really nice.
I don't use it like daily, is there -- what's the downside of it?
It is.
So it depends on your use case.
So for me, I'm so used to Teamux.
Zellage is like -- it's almost modal, right?
You have to hit a key command to go into like pain mode and then N would give you a new
pain, for example, right?
But for Teamux, there's no real mode.
It's just like key combination.
It's just like a --
Yeah, it's your leader key.
Yeah.
It's leader and then a key will give you like a new thing, right?
So -- and then on top of that, I'm very much used to using Teamux with Neovim.
And there's two plugins that go hand in hand.
There's a VIM Teamux Navigator, which is like the Neovim piece of this.
And then there's the Teamux navigation plugin.
Those two together will basically say like, oh, I know that the pain you're trying to
go to is a VIM pane.
So I'm going to send the command that brings you into VIM.
And then the VIM one will say, oh, you're trying to go to a Teamux pane right now.
So I'm going to -- I'm going to push you to the Teamux pane.
So all of this together, what you can get is a nice setup where if you just hold control
and your HJKL keys, it'll go up and down from Teamux to VIM, Teamux to VIM.
You don't have to do it.
You don't have to prepend it with control W.
Yes.
L or --
I want this.
I want it.
Yep.
It's awesome.
And so I've been using that for about 10 years.
Which is funny because actually it probably has been about 10 years, but that's the thing
I use.
And so that's why I use Teamux because that is my use case.
Someone else is more comfortable with different key combinations or whatever.
Zellage is way easier to learn, if that makes sense.
I feel the same way.
I just have like the muscle memory of Teamux is like so calcified at this point where I'm
like, even with those benefits, it's not like compelling enough for me to try to switch.
Yeah.
Teamux is crazy.
It's like the key combinations.
I'm just like a year in to the Teamux thing.
And it's not totally calcified, but I also learned bad.
Somebody told me --
I don't remember who told me to use --
You got to go to the center for kids who could read good.
You can't read good.
I learned bad.
I don't know.
Somebody told me to use leader control A. And so my Teamux leader key is control A. And
I've been told now that that's bad.
That is not the default and I don't know what everyone else does.
That's because when I was trying to use your computer, I was hitting control A to
go to the beginning of a bash shell thing.
And it just wasn't working.
I was like, what is going on?
I was trying to protect your identity.
I didn't need access.
I wasn't trying to jox that you were the one that made fun of me, but someone made fun
of me.
I didn't make fun of you.
I was just upset that what I was doing wasn't working.
I was just curious.
Like I want to have the default.
I want someone to be able to sit at my laptop.
The default is stupid, right?
It's a control B, which I always found to be kind of weird.
I hope he's terrible.
I set this thing.
Yeah.
That makes sense.
Mine's control S, which is something that I, again, set when I first ever used Tmux.
Oh, it is.
Okay.
Yeah.
I think that's, I think that's like an accepted like that's what a lot of people use.
That's the defacto.
Okay.
Control S because control S normally freezes the screen, right?
I think that's what it normally does.
It like freezes your terminal output, which I hate to do that because I almost always
do by accident.
I forget hit on freeze it.
So yeah, it's good.
That's remapped.
Yeah.
No, I, yeah.
I've never, I don't think I've ever used control S for anything other than Tmux.
So yeah.
So control S would be, if I wanted to be at least in unity with this podcast, then control
S. I just, I'm getting ready to redo my knee of M. I got to redo all my stuff and I want
to do it the right way.
I want to learn the correct.
When Adam says redo, he means he's going to clone my doc files.
I'm going to clone.
Hey, next time you're in the bath with your Mac book, clone the doc files, just have a
good little, you know, I'll just pull up some type crap videos in the bath and I'll just
learn how I want to set myself up.
Does it make you uncomfortable.
It happens to me naked while he's watching.
I assume everyone's naked when they watch this.
So it's a good percentage of people are, yeah, I'm naked when I record videos.
I just, you know, say, yeah, I put clothes on me.
The clothes on.
Yeah.
You fix it in post production.
My editor hates me.
Yeah.
Okay.
So you got ghosty, you've got Tmux and you got any of him.
That's your setup.
And you, you typically do Ruby is that where your, yeah, no, my whole career has been Ruby
on Rails with, I've, I've followed the gamut of JavaScript frameworks that Ruby has adopted
or Rails rather.
So I don't know if anyone remembers this, but, um, uh, a little thing called jQuery.
No, just kidding.
Um, so Rails, uh, for a while, the, the framework that they liked or library, whatever was back
bone JS.
Yeah.
I did some back bone stuff, which I thought was so, it was just like a nice little alley
again, like pub sub kind of library was, it was nice for, I was Amber.
And so I, I did a little bit of Amber for a couple of years.
And then, um, and then by necessity, I was actually a react and next JS developer for
years, like a few years and I was really, actually, yeah, for a while, my career was
more front end than full stack or back end.
And I did, and I'm, uh, I like have my own thing, like my own, like my own business.
I like, you know, having my own like stuff that I work on.
So for a long time, I was a consultant, like freelance or whatever.
Same.
And one of my clients.
Oh, nice.
Yeah.
So one of my clients, I did a, uh, an iOS app in Dart and Flutter, wow, which was kind
of lovely.
Actually, this is really nice to work with Dart feels like JavaScript with like good, good
types types.
Yeah.
There's an alternative universe where like Dart actually stuck in the browser and like
pushed out JavaScript, but then happened.
Yeah.
I like, I like Dart a lot.
Flutter.
Yeah.
Okay.
It's the, the, the rails thing.
DHH, I've seen him like big fan of your stuff.
Yeah.
Says it on Twitter.
Is that new?
Did you know DHH from before or was this?
No.
Yeah.
We're old friends.
You guys go way back.
You drove in the race together.
That, that whole, that whole arc of this like YouTube thing that we've been doing is
that was the most, that was the best part of this other than being on this podcast with
you guys.
Of course.
I would think, I would think like rails, if you're a rails developer, that he's like
your Jesus.
Yeah.
So, uh, yeah, he is, yeah.
He's my Jesus.
Uh, he knows a lot here.
Now.
Yeah.
Um, no, so, so it's, it's, it was amazing for me.
I'll, I'll, I'll give you a little bit of insight.
So I graduated college with a computer engineering degree, which, um, kind of like
facts, probably I built, I built computers in high school and stuff.
I liked the game.
And so I was like, I don't know what I want to do with my life.
I didn't know I liked software.
So I was like, I just know I like computers, you know, and I hated school.
And I was like, whatever, I'll just do something with computers, maybe I'll be interesting.
Computer engineering was a bad choice because it was, uh, a mix of electrical engineering
and a little bit of computer science, right?
So it was really heavy electrical engineering, which was not, not something I was very interested
in.
Yeah.
Um, but somehow I graduated.
And I didn't know what I wanted to do.
I had a couple of like random jobs, like a QA guy and whatever.
Um, not to bash QA people.
Um, it just wasn't what I liked.
Stupid QA.
Yeah.
Stupid.
But that's a joke job.
Um, yeah.
Yeah.
Working as a QA person, I worked as a company that did like kind of on site, QA, yeah, yeah.
I worked out one company on site where these people were making like stuff in rails and
I didn't know what this was.
I was like, Oh my God.
So cool.
You can make like this thing look beautiful, but also you're like writing code to make
it happen.
Like I didn't understand like the web could do that.
And so, and so that's when I learned about Ruby on Rails never since then, then I saw
like the how to make a blog and 15 minutes video that, um, that, you know, DHH did many
years ago about about 10 years ago, uh, like 15, but, um, he did that many years ago.
And so like I watched that religiously like over and over trying to understand like, what
is this database?
What's a model?
Like what's the schema?
Um, how does, how does this like, you know, all that stuff, temple files and eventually
I got into rails and like my career kind of started, like kind of a little bit later on.
It was, it was, it's amazing that so with that in mind, that context, um, me making videos
on neo-vim and zealage and like Linux, it was, it was crazy that all of a sudden DHH
like, uh, because I posted, I think the first time he reached out was, yeah, 50,000 subscribers.
Um, we're at a hundred, hundred, hundred eight now.
Yeah, at 50,000, I posted a song on Twitter and DHH said like, Hey, congratulations.
I love your work.
And I was like, DHH knows who I am.
Like that's amazing.
And then not so long after that, he DM'd me on Twitter and was like, Hey, by the way,
congratulations.
You're doing great stuff.
Um, we have this conference in Toronto coming up, uh, it's all full, but like maybe you
could do like a workshop or something on like zealage and this thing that you made videos
on.
I was like, really?
Yeah.
Like ever since then, like we got to go to, um, Toronto and do this workshop on zealage,
which was equally like, uh, extremely scary, but also very like rewarding.
And that was when like, you know, this whole YouTube thing still kind of new to me.
It's only been like a year or so max.
And so that was when people like the first time someone like recognized me, you know,
and like people like kind of lined up saying being like wanting to like take pictures and
stuff.
Like this is freaking crazy.
Like, I didn't know anyone would ever like care about anything I'm doing.
Like this is so cool.
Like a huge age, like Carrie brought me out here.
And then after that, um, uh, while we were there, I was like, I'd love to make videos
on this rails eight stuff.
Like all this stuff's really cool.
You're doing like, I love this version of the framework, whatever.
And, uh, and, uh, he was like, Oh, you're a rails developer.
And so, and so, um, and so, um, and so now I did, I did a whole series on rails eight.
That's on their YouTube channel, which is like just so nice.
So yeah, this whole circle of like this, this thing has just been super cool.
Really, really cool.
That's a wild coincidence.
Cause he just kind of got into all this stuff and you happen to be like the YouTuber doing
all this stuff this year.
I mean, is there other people that do the kind of like terminal based YouTube content?
I just, I think so.
I think there's a lot, um, actually someone who I, um, model a lot of like the video style
after this guy, uh, network Chuck, uh, I don't know if you guys are part of them.
Oh, yeah.
He's super well known.
Like that's, I try and emulate a lot of what he does cause I just love his videos.
He's, he's so good and everything is so high quality, like everything he does.
And so he does stuff like on team ox and like things like that, um, that, uh, he's done
a really good job with too.
But yeah, I don't know if there's people who focus specifically on this.
I know like it was funny when I first made a couple of YouTube, uh, videos on like Neil
van or whatever, um, I would post them on Reddit and Reddit is like the meanest place
in the world.
So like I posted one on Reddit and people were like, this is garbage.
Like, why, why are you even doing this?
Like everyone just go to this video or whatever and it was like one of TJ's videos on like
Neil van.
We're like, it's always like, I'm never, I'm never going to be like that.
That's, that's tough and then so, um, I don't know.
Yeah, I'm not sure other than like, uh, you know, I know TJ makes a lot of great new
YouTube and videos, he did a whole series recently on all that stuff.
So, um, yeah, I don't know.
I'm not sure.
I think there's a lot of people.
Yeah.
I guess TJ and probably both do some like T mux, these stuff.
I know bash has done some T mux stuff.
Oh, yeah.
Bash.
Yep.
That's funny.
Like I guess your whole channel feels, and I guess now you're doing real stuff, but it
feels like if you're just into this stuff and I feel like we all are, you're just, if you
just like want to mess around with your dot file sometimes, it's like your channel is the
perfect land there and learn something new that you could implement in your console.
Yeah.
It's a whole, yeah, it's a whole like kind of vibe of the channel is like, Oh, this stuff's
cool.
I find it super interesting.
Like check out this cool thing that I figured out.
Yeah.
Here you go.
Like the, you know, hyper land and I three and like, um, just all that stuff.
So yeah, no, I've always found it interesting my own entire life.
So well, you know, my adult life career, 10 years, whatever, 10 years.
Yeah.
We're getting pretty old.
It's going to be 20.
I've got a lot of gray in this beard.
We're going to have starts in 20 years.
I'm turning, I'm turning 40 in February, February, I'm 38.
So I'm right behind you.
Yep.
What about you, Dax?
I am 33.
I'm 32.
I'm turning 33.
Are you serious right now?
I thought you were like 35.
I can't believe you're actually only 32.
But you're not, you're not sure either.
Yeah, I have no idea right now.
I'll just say you look great.
Like you look, you look younger than, you know, me and like, and of course I guess you
look appropriate.
Look at that hashtag GBT.
If I was born it, what, yeah, what year were you born?
This is not hard.
Is it December, 2024?
I am 32.
I'm 32.
Okay.
Yeah.
I'm 33.
Wow.
You're like 32.
How did I think you were like 35?
It's not that far.
It's like it's a three year window.
Yeah.
But it's like able to rent a car.
It's crazy.
So I just passed the part where there's stuff to look forward to.
Now it's just, you know.
Hmm.
Yeah.
All that stuff is done.
32.
Yeah.
I feel like I'm almost 10 years older than you now.
I'm not.
But it feels like almost.
Yeah.
You brought up network Chuck and I realized why his name is familiar to me is because he also has a coffee.
Brand.
Yes.
Oh that's a coffee.
It seems like you do too as well.
I forgot.
Yeah.
No, that one kind of it's funny how like things kind of fall into your lap.
So one of our earliest like community members like someone on our discord and like someone who's like been a member of our.
We have a site.
Typecraft.
Yeah.
Don't worry about it.
It's fine.
It's a reliable.
But you know, one of our community members like one of the first people like, you know, paid and like was like a part of the thing, wanted to support us.
He just so happens to be like this awesome coffee roaster.
And like for a long time, he was like, I'd love to like make coffee for you guys.
Like, can we do this?
And like, so we were on, I don't know if you guys know, ghost CMS.
We were on ghosts for the first iteration of our website.
So it's like very limited with what you could do.
And so Robert, my business partner, I think you guys met in New York.
He, he did all this work to get us off of ghost onto like a new rails eight, like sort of things.
So it's like a custom site now.
So we can do all these different stripe integrations and all this stuff.
And so like the very first thing we did, we were like, all right, let's, let's do this coffee thing.
And so the first rollout is really just like, if you remember, you can add coffee as part of your subscription.
So you get like every month.
Oh, nice.
Yeah, it's a good price.
This guy makes amazing coffees.
He's really good.
So he's local there, like he's some may you knew he's in Kentucky or Kentucky.
Wow.
Interesting.
Yeah.
So not local.
But I mean, I could even give you guys his name maybe after this.
And I don't know if you guys want to use him too.
He's, he's really, he makes excellent coffee.
Yeah.
So, but you saw it through a website?
Like, how does that work?
Something coffee through a website.
Yeah.
I don't really understand that.
A lot of people want to do that.
Uh, yeah.
No, I don't know.
It's a weird, it was a weird choice on our ends, you know, like it wasn't, uh, you know, a website.
It's like, who does that anymore?
It's very, it's very like, it's very like 2018, right?
It's funny because we initially were like, okay, we'll do like the terminal thing for like a little bit and then like probably we'll eventually roll out a website.
And now it just became a thing where we're like, we, we, we, we, we like never want to do a website.
I should see how far we can go with just sticking to the terminal, making that a bit.
Yeah.
It's so cool.
Like, it's such an awesome thing, you guys.
I can't imagine, um, the, the, the stripe integration you had to build for that, though.
That must have been really difficult.
Do you want to talk about it, X?
It wasn't.
Yeah.
Cause I mean, the way it works is, uh, you know, how Stripe gives you all those like front end libraries and JavaScript to just capture and everything happens in the browser and then with their server and there's a token at the end.
It's actually the exact same thing.
So they obviously don't make like the only wrap that in a JavaScript library.
So we can make those same calls directly as well.
Oh, so we still just get back a token credit card goes straight to stripe.
We get back a token.
Then we like the same way that it's done on web.
That's so cool.
That's what I was thinking too.
Cause Stripe, you just use their JavaScript thing and it just, you don't worry about it.
But that's, if it's that easy, that's awesome.
It's the same flow.
Yeah.
Uh, I mean, we probably eventually will let like a browser pop open and connected that way if you want, but, uh, yeah, it works for now.
At some point, they might say like this is not kosher and they might force us to do the browser thing, but until then, um, we're okay.
It's super secure.
It's safe and reliable.
No, yeah.
No, you guys are all engineers.
You know, you're doing it.
It's just, uh, it's such a cool, that's such a cool thing though.
It's, it's really neat.
Yeah, it's been fun.
We're getting ready to roll out an API type craft.
It's going to, you can like buy coffee through our API and then put it in your apps or whatever.
Really?
Yeah.
That's awesome.
It's very, over, over engineers, not the right word, but it's like way too official.
There's like, yeah, personal access tokens and you can like create your own terminal app with a client ID and a secret.
And then, uh, you know, we have a, we have a, we have official SDKs even for Java.
Yeah.
And it's publishing to Maven.
Literally.
That's awesome.
No, that's, that's how you do it though.
That's so cool.
That's, that's really neat.
And that's really neat, instead of like having proper subscription functionality, where it's going to tell you to generate a personal access token and create a grand job for yourself.
That's so cool.
I love that.
That's, I mean, that's, that's hilarious, but I mean, it's kind of a cool setup or you have a calendar reminder.
Right?
Yes, there you go.
Yeah.
Upgrade Arch and order content.
I'm going to publish an arch package where whenever you install it just orders, it just orders another bag.
I'm going to be updated.
Just straight up now.
Where?
I know, I know we got off the arch conversation.
But I just have to say my story with arch, I almost used arch and I couldn't do it.
I, the bootloader.
You didn't almost used it.
Okay.
If you did install, you didn't almost.
I said almost.
I would have used it if I got you.
You only mean you almost used it once.
Like that's what you mean.
Yeah.
Almost used it one time.
But the bootloader step, I failed to install something about the bootloader and I was reading the docs.
They were so good.
It's good.
You probably went the grub route and set a system boot route.
I don't want to, I don't want to resurrect it and figure out what happened.
I just, I'm at peace.
I'm not an arch user.
Yeah.
Well, the, um, did you use the installer scripts, the arch install scripts?
I don't remember.
I think it was the manual.
I felt like it is difficult.
It is difficult.
Thank you.
I felt like if I'm going to do this.
It's not difficult.
I felt like it was like the earn your stripes.
Like you got to do it the hard way.
I think people look at it that way.
Yeah.
You learn a lot about how it works.
That's why I work doing once.
When it doesn't work.
And then you don't learn anything because you just never use arch.
Because you weren't meant to go.
Just you personally weren't meant to go.
That's it.
Listen, every other engineer at terminal uses Linux and you don't.
Am I the only Matt?
Oh, engineer, I see.
Even Liz uses Linux.
Yeah.
Nice.
Teambox and the oven.
Oh, man.
You're actually the most casual engineer.
I'm the front end engineer.
I'm the front end developer.
Leave me alone.
Yeah.
I drink soy lattes and I work on a Mac.
You're a front engineer.
That works on a go SSH front end.
And soy boy.
Oh, we're both soy boys.
Have a mention.
Oh, yeah.
That's right.
Plant based, right?
Mm hmm.
Thank you.
Now we're out.
What's the without voting backs on this part?
I don't know what I'm going for.
Out representing.
There are more plant eaters than meat eaters.
Yes.
But I eat so much meat that I make up for.
He makes up like three times a day.
You do.
Hey, well, hey, get to the 21st century, pal.
Yeah.
Well, it's funny because literally if you trace my ancestors, 100% vegetarian for like 3,000
years.
And then you.
And then there's me.
Three times a day.
You had to put an end to it.
Yeah.
No.
I'm going the other way.
I do it.
I mean, it's not really, it's not even like an ethical thing.
It's more like it's just straight up like healthier.
You know, it's just like, you know, that's why we started.
I mean, just for our health.
Yeah.
Next would debate that heavily.
I've had times where I'm on and off, you know, but like, there was, um, it's just
such a, you could, you could measure it because I, uh, I had a doctor's appointment where it,
like all my blood work was like, it was okay, but it was like all everything kind of high.
And they're like, Oh, we got to look out for this.
Got to look out for that.
And that's, you know, the period of my life was kind of like eating like shit.
And, um, that's like, you know, I'm going to turn this thing around.
I love, I love eating vegan.
I've done it before.
I'll just, I'll just go like more, you know, 100% on it.
And so I did that.
And like in three months, everything dropped so drastically that I was like way out of the,
you know, I don't know what you call it.
The risk zone.
Yeah, exactly.
So like it's a measurable effect.
At least for me, it's like, yeah, there's, there's no way that's not a healthy, you know,
lifestyle or way to eat.
So let's stick with it.
That's how I feel.
Yeah.
And I lost 40 pounds.
I'm just going to make sure that, uh, Adam dies before me.
And then I'll be right.
I'm convinced he's going to die before me.
Well, I'm 10 years older than you.
So probably he's got that.
Yeah, he's got that.
You're not 10 years older than me.
Brown did.
About 10 years older than me.
About 10 years.
We're down to five.
Me and you both.
Similar age.
Yeah.
We both use T mucks and Neovin.
We're both plant based and we both work for sports technology companies.
That's true.
That's kind of crazy.
That's very true.
Yeah, it is pretty nice.
We're basically the same person.
And you're both tall.
We're both tall.
Both handsome.
Both handsome and white.
Man, I have a mustache.
I just also have a beard.
Yeah, we have a mustache with extra.
Yeah, I got all the other stuff.
You know, I can't grow a beard.
Really?
Like you know that mustache and you can't grow the rest of it.
The mustache is great.
I could grow a hell of a goatee.
This stuff doesn't show up.
Really?
Have you like really tried like going for months without?
Yeah, it's gross.
Okay.
It's gross.
Because for me, I used to have right here bald spots on each side.
Like a perfect circle.
And I was like, this sucks.
And then one day it just went away.
I just like stuck through it.
I looked horrible for like a couple of weeks.
And then if my body figured it out.
Yeah, that was probably you're still like, I feel like you're still, you were young enough.
Then probably, I mean, I don't know how long ago was this for you?
Yeah, it was like, right.
I was like 20 probably.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm almost 40.
I don't think it's going to change any time soon for me.
Yeah, probably not.
Also, we have something else in common.
You still do jujitsu?
Yeah.
I did jujitsu.
You did jujitsu?
For three months.
Like you just started?
No, it was last year.
I did it for a while.
You got hurt.
I bruised ribs.
Yeah.
Like just.
It's awesome.
I love jujitsu.
I pulled like a rib muscle or something and maybe kind of like dislodged a rib in a competition.
That was tough.
The rib stuff.
Not fun.
Not fun at all.
Yeah.
Turns out you breathe all day.
So it's not fun when it hurts to breathe.
Yeah.
It's a lot.
But jujitsu too.
Wow.
This is amazing.
That's crazy.
Both have kids.
I'm going to have time.
I get kind of tired in the podcast sometimes to be honest.
Yeah.
I'm going to have to have just take my play stacks.
If that's cool.
I wouldn't even notice.
You probably wouldn't.
I don't think anybody would.
Oh, you have kids.
We didn't talk about your family.
You have like, how many kids do you have?
We have twins.
They're five years old.
Boy and girl twins.
Wow.
And actually we're expecting our third kid in April.
Oh, wow.
So we're pregnant right now.
Busy times.
Yep.
Hell yeah.
It's a lot.
So five years apart.
That's like my kids.
I have a nine year old, almost 10 and a five year old.
I'll spare you the how that's going.
It's not going great.
They don't play well together with that age gap.
But you have you have a different situation because you have twins at the five years.
So they'll probably it'll work out.
Yeah.
And it's boy and girl.
And I think like our daughter is very, very girly and our son's very, very boyish.
And they don't play well together at all.
Either they're very, they butt heads all the time.
Yeah.
But the two of them, I think like collectively think that they're such big kids because this
new baby's coming.
They're going to be like a little baby.
So I'm hoping that they're like, you know, more of.
They'll be helpful.
Yeah.
I'll be more helpful.
That's what I was like.
Yeah.
My brother's 10 years younger than me.
It was just like a baby.
Exactly.
I want to know how many times we've said 10 years on this podcast episode.
We've just drilled that like into the ground and that you weren't even joking.
We start using the word decade decade.
I'm going to grab a toss.
A decade.
Yeah.
Wow.
So you two are basically the same person.
Basically.
How does it feel to not be very unique or special at all?
I've done this by myself for many years.
About 10 years.
It's been a wonderful life sentence.
I've never been to the Ozark.
So there's that.
You've been to these coasts.
I've never been to.
There's no reason to go.
There's really not.
Why are you?
So were you born around the world?
Yeah.
You said your family's from there.
I have always lived in like a 60 mile radius.
So Dax isn't wrong on that, but I have traveled some.
He's never seen the ocean.
Well, they have a big lake there.
You don't need to see the ocean.
Yeah.
There's lots of lakes.
Caves.
You have seen the ocean though.
I've seen the ocean.
But that was a gulf.
That was a gulf.
Oh, that doesn't count.
Yeah.
That's just where old companies make spills and gulfs.
Nothing special about those.
Have you been to an ocean ocean?
I guess you've been to.
It's just in New York.
But yeah, I've been to the east coast.
I've been to Southern California.
I had lived in Southern California.
But have you been to the ocean when you were there?
Okay.
You're right.
You did live.
Yes.
We spent time.
We've lived in Playa de Re on the ocean.
For like.
Playa means ocean.
Okay.
It means.
How's it?
I didn't know that actually.
The whole time you live there.
You're just like.
I had no idea.
Playa.
Okay.
Playa de Re's.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Is that a Spanish word?
Spanish for a whale's vagina.
I had to make the joke.
I don't know.
It was just right there.
Adam's never met someone that spoke Spanish before.
He's never heard Spanish before.
You're just making stuff up now.
We had.
I'm making stuff up from the beginning of this episode.
It's like really true.
From the beginning of this podcast, really.
You're going to say I have friends that are.
Friends that are.
What else?
Casey's just friend speaks fluent Spanish.
Her parents are from Mexico.
And she lived with us twice.
So there you go.
I know more Spanish than you.
Probably.
And what did she do when she lived with you?
What are you talking about?
What do you mean?
She lived her life.
Okay.
What are you talking about?
She wasn't our like our maid.
Okay.
Actually, the second time we did play her.
Oh, yes.
Oh my God.
Yes.
That's awesome.
That's so fucking good.
I can't believe how.
It's funny.
Because like it's what I'm suggesting is actually not true.
But like the way you told all that.
She lived with us for a while.
She happened to clean the kitchen a lot.
And it was much more.
It felt bad.
I might've been in prison between the.
You're talking about what I do with my home lab.
The illegal home lab.
And the illegal lab in the Ozarks.
You probably have the most legal illegal lab in the Ozarks.
It's totally true.
That's very true.
That's a lot of labs.
That's right.
Not the legal kind.
You guys ever hear explosions just like from the woods.
No, but true story.
My dad was in law enforcement like growing up for like 35 years.
He was a military state high patrolman.
And he has definitely run up on some like they've.
Yeah.
Sound that flabs.
Not that exploded.
Not that dramatic.
But then also I remember stories of like them finding giant stockpiles in marijuana.
And like they dispose of them and they just light this like giant bonfire.
And I'm like, how is that?
And they got super high.
They're all getting super high.
Yeah.
That's just kind of like a movie.
It's all the work of the job.
Exactly.
So it's Ozarks.
It's a bunch of people making meth and then Adam.
That's basically what's in my head.
I'm just like whenever I picture Adam, it's just like woods.
I think mountains.
Yeah.
It's like all these companies are like, huh, we've never shipped to this location before.
I'm sure it's lovely out there.
I've never been.
It's really not.
But yeah.
It's kind of you to say.
No, I'm sure the nature of the nature must be nice.
No, yeah.
There's a lot of like, if you enjoy the outdoors, I think a lot of people enjoy the Ozarks.
Which Adam does not, by the way.
I don't.
Yeah.
I kind of hate the outdoors.
That's the problem with the Ozarks.
Holy shit.
That's awesome.
If you outdoors, you're a software engineer and you're in the Ozarks.
And I live in the Ozarks.
Yeah.
It's kind of a weird dichotomy.
Adam referred to himself as an endorsement, which I think is just so funny.
That's me too.
I mean, I'm totally an endorsement as well.
I think most of us are, right?
There's a weird endorsement.
Yeah.
What's the, uh, it was coding horror for a long time.
His bio said, uh, indoor enthusiast.
Oh, nice.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I'm in a dark room right now.
Like does the most indoor you can possibly get?
Just in blackness.
I can buy an indie supplement.
Like, you know, I stopped.
I stopped after I moved to Miami.
Stop taking vitamin D supplements.
Yeah, I bet you did.
You're outside.
Okay.
And your boxers get in the summer.
Yeah.
I'm in my boxers right now.
You can't tell.
I know you're in your boxers.
We're in New York.
There was like 10 of us in that apartment and you walked out at like 9 a.m.
every day in your boxers.
Oh my God.
That was awesome.
Oh, guys.
Wait, what happened with the, uh, the Twitch stream on that thing?
I was watching what, uh, it was after the show.
The next day.
Neil Vincomff or whatever.
Oh, Neil Vincomff.
Yeah.
Were you guys there for that?
I, I, I started to take a shower and then prime knocked on knock on that door.
And he was like, everyone can hear the shower.
And I was in the chat.
I was watching because I had a video that they're going to play on that.
I was later in the day, but like they had a problem.
Like the stream went down.
Oh, really?
We left like an hour in.
Did they play your video or no?
Yeah.
They did.
Okay.
Yeah.
We set it up and then we kind of left.
So, and prime and teach wouldn't know how to.
And I was with us, Adam, oh, primers with us.
Okay.
Teach wouldn't know how to fix it.
Sure.
He's an idiot.
Those guys are.
Oh, man.
I'm just playing random things now.
That was cool.
Yeah.
We guys did the, uh, the, the feud event.
That was awesome.
Yeah.
That was so cool.
That was a good time.
It was fun.
Yeah.
We're going to do it again in, uh, in Miami, which was going to be fun.
Are you really in Miami?
Yeah.
We're going to do it as part of a react Miami.
Like just the final thing for the conference.
Oh, that's so cool.
I, um, I'm so jealous.
Cause it's funny to tell my wife.
You're having your baby around then.
Exactly.
I can't go.
I was, this was the year I was like, oh, you know, I missed it last year.
I was very jealous of all these people I've never met in my life.
I don't know why I'm so jealous, but it just leaves like a good time.
Yeah.
And then so, yeah, this year I was like planning it.
I was like, oh, yeah, I'm going to go.
And then now we're, you know, no, we can't.
You didn't plan your pregnancy around react Miami.
Like a stupid bait.
I'm, I'm already making sacrifices.
This kid's already ruining my life.
Yeah.
We'll try to, we'll make sure nobody takes any photos that react Miami this year.
Since you'll have FOMO.
No.
Yeah.
We'll keep everything off the internet.
I'm going to try to maximize a FOMO.
Yeah.
That's just not very kind.
No, that was, uh, the, uh, yeah.
No, the whole event was fun.
It was cool meeting you guys.
Yeah.
It was a good time.
Glad you came.
That was a good time.
Well, you were right there.
I mean, it's like, I can walk to the train that will go to New York in an hour.
So it wasn't that hard.
It was nice.
Wait, you walk for an hour to get on the train.
The train.
The train's for an hour.
That is the dedication.
Oh, the train is for now.
Yeah.
I don't know how public transportation works.
We got to walk places.
All right.
Well, uh, it's been so good to have you on typecraft.
It's fun.
I'm going to love that.
Hang it out.
We both got to meet you in New York.
Now we get to hang out on the podcast.
And now we all have to get work done before the holidays because are you guys?
Is everybody taking off all next week?
The way Christmas happened this year.
It's like Wednesday.
It's Christmas next week.
Oh my God.
You are such a what are you?
You are the Grinch or the Grinch.
It's like every Christmas was next week.
You suddenly make me the Grinch.
Did you and Liz celebrate anything?
Did you just like work all day?
You just always work.
We just work all day.
They celebrate hitting their KPIs and milestones.
So, we have a family.
Okay, ours.
Yeah.
We do use Slack as a family.
Who has a squeaky chair by the way?
I'm hearing it.
Is that back?
Me.
It's me right there.
I have the same problem.
It ruined so many shots.
So, the squeaky ass chair.
I really never noticed it till you pointed it out this moment.
Oh, really?
Thank you for that.
You're welcome.
I just don't pay this in detail, I guess.
That's going to bother you now every waking moment of your life.
Liz's family is just so structured.
Like there's always stuff that's set up for us to do for each holiday.
So, we just don't have to think about it.
So, we're just going to go.
I think our parents' house and the whole family is going to be there.
Nice.
Yeah, it's next week.
Turns out, Christmas next week.
Do you have any big traditions, either you guys?
Traditions.
So, I mean, we do the normal stuff.
We put up a tree.
Yeah.
I'm trying to think anything special we do that's like, I don't think so.
I mean, a tree, I mean a tree and like all the normal stuff.
Yeah.
It's nice.
I mean, it's a nice Christmas morning.
But yeah, nothing special.
For us.
Go ahead.
No one cares.
Nobody cares about my thing.
Our whole family goes to my in-laws, like the whole family.
My wife is one of seven.
And all of her siblings, all their significant others.
And our kids and all their kids all converge on one house.
And we stay over Christmas Eve.
And so Santa goes to that house that day.
And so, like, it's just a whole room full of presents for all the kids.
It's a little chaotic, but fun.
Okay, Dax.
You can say your thing.
No, no, I was going to say that.
Oh, I was going to remind me of something that me and Liz always talk about.
So you're, well, you say you're in-laws, your wife's family.
Yep.
So they have achieved something important, which is they have become the central hub for the
family, despite new people entering the family.
And me and Liz always talk about how we need to make sure we maneuver ourselves that way.
So we are the place everyone goes to.
As they get older, they have their own family.
So that's impressive for them.
Seven kids and they were able to retain control over the holidays.
That's crazy.
They have this big old house that they've had forever, about 10 years now.
That's interesting.
Am I making the joke old now?
Is the joke old now?
It was all, like, 10 times ago.
It was actually so-
Oh, well done, I was just, like, in confusion.
No, it's because they have this house with, like, eight bedrooms or something crazy.
It's a lot.
Yeah, so they have the space.
But yeah, does everyone live around you in Miami, like, in that area?
It's all Liz's family.
So if you are someone that is born in Miami, you very likely don't leave.
So most families here are, like, still very tight because it's, like, the extended family
lives all within four or five minutes of each other.
And basically her uncle, right now, it's the same situation.
He just got the biggest house.
So he has a kind of facto control over every holiday and everyone goes there.
But at some point, it's going to need to transition.
And I'm really vying for that spot.
Yeah.
And it's going to be, because I'm going to be, like, I was going to call it a usurper,
because I'm not from the original family.
I'm actually someone new.
And if I take over, that would be a big deal.
But again, I think I have a good shot.
Like, I think I'm the one that wants it the most.
I see you have been pulling the strings.
Yeah.
Love it.
But, you know, I have to get a big house.
My house currently is not big enough for that.
It looks super nice, though, from what I saw from the React Miami stuff.
Yeah.
It's a fun house, for sure.
For, like, house parties and stuff.
It's a good setup.
I just need to know why people from Miami don't leave Miami.
Why is Miami special?
It's just like the line culture thing.
It's, families are really tight, and this idea of your kids going away, it's culturally
really difficult to do, because, like, everyone just gilts the shit out of you.
Like, it's just, it's like, not something that's normal, seeing as normal at all.
Yeah.
So Liz left and went to New York for a while, and that was, like, such a big deal.
But almost nobody does that.
And even when you do, the poll is always there, and you probably are going to end up, end
up coming back.
Oh, man.
I worry about my kids growing up and leaving the area.
Yeah.
That's why you have to live.
That's another thing.
Like, it's important to consider moving somewhere that your kids actually want to live in when
they become adults.
Nobody wants to live in the Ozarks, so I really need to figure that out.
I got, like, 10 years to figure that out.
It just starts sewing the seeds of guilt.
Like, if they leave, you know, it'll be terrible.
Yeah.
Yeah, shame them.
It's like, let's skim a complex.
Yeah.
Just learn from this family.
They're pretty good at it.
It's funny.
It's just, like, they don't.
It's a dynamic where, like, when you're here, it's not, they actually care.
It's just, like, they just need to know that you're nearby.
It's not even going to see you all the time or talk to your hangout with you at all.
It's just the fact that you had the goal to leave just becomes a focus point.
When you're back, like, no, but it's not your one's like, oh, we're so glad you're back.
I'm spending a lot of time with you over anything.
Yeah.
It can only be negative.
Thanks again for coming on, man.
Thanks for having me on.
This was fun.
I enjoyed it.
Yeah.
Do it again.
All right.
Cool.
See you guys.
Bye.
[MUSIC PLAYING]